all right so I'm gonna be unboxing the
smash bros Edition Nintendo 3ds XL just
came out today 19 picked it up for 200
bucks I think that's the standard des
price alright going to pull my knife out
oh actually you don't need it just has a
little tab right here
so I never had a 3dsxl this would be my
first excel I've just been using the
original model for ever but I wanted to
get this one just because Smash Bros is
awesome and it's time to upgrade
so first see AC chord cards the same
ones that they always come with a Quick
Start Guide English version what is this
the french version spanish and operation
man y'all everyone knows what that
is so let's get two already i'm excited
already
oh it's like glossy it's awesome
thought this was just gonna be like a
sticker there's a back let's get some
feels a little tighter maybe that's just
because it's new better shutter that
okay
so awesome all right guys well I just
wanted to box the Attic I know I
probably shouldn't have picked up a 3ds
now that the new 3ds is on the horizon
but you know what I really wanted a
Smash Brothers one like before this was
ever even announced I was like if they
ever make a Smash Bros one I'm gonna buy
it
I originally wanted a Pokemon one but
all the ones that came out in the US
have been kind of lame so she went with
this one I figured the blue one would be
a little more rare considering Europe
only got the red one so the blue looks
awesome yes all right so thanks guys
just wanted to unbox that for you and I
hope you enjoyed stay tuned